feat: Add COGReloader and PMTilesReloader (Tile Reload Phase 2) (#2750)
urbica/martin: docs/content/sources-files.md

martin  /path/to/directory
```

> For remote PMTiles, individual file URLs work as expected. Remote object-storage *prefixes* (e.g. `s3://bucket/tiles/`) are also supported via periodic listing -- see [PMTiles Hot Reload](#pmtiles-hot-reload) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For remote PMTiles, individual file URLs work as expected.
Remote object-storage *prefixes* (e.g. `s3://bucket/tiles/`) are also supported via periodic listing - see [PMTiles Hot Reload](#pmtiles-hot-reload) below.
```

!!! note
    Hot reload applies to directories configured under `mbtiles.paths` (or passed on the CLI). Named sources listed under `mbtiles.sources` are snapshotted at startup and are not watched for changes.

### PMTiles Hot Reload

Martin watches local directories configured under `pmtiles` for `.pmtiles` files using filesystem events, with the same add/modify/remove semantics described for MBTiles above.

```yaml
pmtiles:
  paths:
    - /path/to/pmtiles/directory
```

> For remote object-storage prefixes (`s3://bucket/prefix/`, `gs://bucket/prefix/`, `https://host/prefix/`, etc.) Martin periodically re-lists the prefix and diffs against the previous snapshot -- there is no event channel from blob storage to subscribe to. Added and removed objects propagate to the catalog; in-place modifications to existing objects are not detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For remote object-storage prefixes (`s3://bucket/prefix/`, `gs://bucket/prefix/`, `https://host/prefix/`, etc.) Martin periodically re-lists the prefix and diffs against the previous snapshot.
There is no event channel from blob storage to subscribe to.
Added and removed objects propagate to the catalog.
[In-place modifications to existing objects are not currently handled, but contributions welcome](https://github.com/maplibre/martin/issues/2713).
```
